KH yunice is once again the target of
Relentless Israeli artillery
shelling the city and its surrounding
areas have been repeatedly struck nearly
24,000 Palestinians have now been killed
since Israel's War Began more than
10,000 of them are children let's get
the latest from hanim Mahmud whose life
from Raa in southern Gaza soan some
Fierce gun barels in Kan Unice overnight
bring us up to speed with one has been
happening yes well so far in Kan Yunis
people are not only have been displaced
for the past few weeks and since the
beginning of the war but now they are
getting killed inside their tent Al
maasi a western side of hanun City uh
just a little bit of context here just
alasi is an area at the western part of
the Gaza Strip stretches is from the
city of Dar balah passing through kanun
all the way to RAF City and in the Egypt
Gaza border but this particular area
that has been designated largely by the
Israeli military since the first week of
the war when it ordered uh mainly uh uh
all the residents from the northern part
and the central part of Gaza to evacuate
to because it's a safe area what we saw
last night is the third time in a row
where people are attacked inside in this
evacuation Zone but namely Al maasi but
this time not a residential home it's a
tent that came under a an air strike by
a drone a drone fired a missile at this
tent and killed a three people inside
and injuring the remaining family
members where it's an displaced family
who evacuated all the way from Gaza City
from the sh neighborhood all the way to
al- maasi Sheltering in that overnight
air strike contined to pound the entire
kanun city in in what seems to be a
coverage an aerial coverage for the
invading forces to push deeper into the
central part of Kan large number of
people have been killed so far we're
getting confirmation of 33 people have
been killed overnight the vast majority
in kanun central area and Gaza City so
the eastern part and Southern parts of
KH unus have been a focus the focus of
of fighting with 3 killed overnight but
we're also hearing honey that more and
more people are fleeing the center of
the Gaza Strip Dar Al Bala I know that
uh internet uh and uh call services have
been down but what do you know is
happening in that particular area of
darala
yes while there there is a large
invading uh Force inside Khan Yunis
operating on under heavy coverage of
aerial bombardment the central area of
the Gaza Strip has been a a site of
Major Relentless air strikes with the
smaller number of of of tanks and
armored vehicles on the ground it's been
the operations in the central part and
the major number of attacks happened by
uh by air and by the artillery shelling
at the eastern part mainly the refugee
camps andat and maazi alage where large
number of people have been killed so far
within the past weeks but an overnight
attacks renewed artillery shelling and
massive air strike destroying more
residential uh homes and this is what we
have been hearing within the past few
days from s our source on the ground an
eyewitness who managed to get to Rafa
City what the isra military doing
through these Relentless air strikes are
destroying residential homes on major
roads major uh roads lead leading to the
entrance of the refugee camps and and Za
and D B City blocking the entire roads
and then move moving the bulldozer and
and opening new route for the armored
vehicles and the tanks to push to push
deepers into the central uh part now the
intensity of the air strike has LIF the
entire healthc care system inside the
central area in a bad shape we're
talking about one only remaining semi
functioning health facility ala hospital
and not only we seen International
medical staff leaving the area
evacuating has becoming increasingly
risky and D dangerous but now it's
running out of a fuel risking the lives
of of hundreds of injuries as well as
patients with the chronic and
threatening life uh conditions inside
the hospital threatening their lives and
threatening them of dying as extreme
shortage of supplies and just one day
after 100 days of ongoing War people are
very frustrated they feel forgotten they
feel largely unsaved and this is what
they had to say about what's going on uh
say so far in the
area Muhammad Abu a is walking through
the remains of what was once his
home each step is a search for a closure
he seeks a glimmer of his three children
killed in Israeli air strikes who are
still buried under the
rubble I come here every day we still
have three children remaining under the
rubble Omar abdah and Mas in Hope one
can pull out their bodies or take a last
look at their remains but thank God this
is our fate and we pray to God that we
will be able to pull them out and see
them the Palestinian civil defense says
it has no resources to dig through the
rubble and retrieve the bodies
Israel's war on Gaza has LIF its marks
across the trip Alor refugee camp in
central Gaza was home to 46,000
Palestinians who were already displaced
before the war now entire neighborhoods
are
destroyed after a 100 days of War most
of Gaza is in
ruin according to the United Nations
Israel's bombardment has a trigger the
largest displacement of Palestinians
since anba or catastrophe in
1948 people fleeing their homes have
nowhere safe to
go there is not a day that we do not
move from place to place from darala to
can yunas to Rafa there are no goods and
there are no basic things needed for
Life there is no
life we wish to have better life
conditions we cannot find clean water or
other necessities of life this is utter
humiliation wherever you may turn your
face children are the most impacted and
we adults are helpless we cannot help
our children or even meet their basic
needs as the war drags on it's taking
away their hope for an end to this
suffering people in Gaza feel forgotten
and unsafe they believe Israel goal is
to completely remove Palestinians from
their land the war has been going on for
a 100 days has left many feeling like it
will never end Han Mahmud Al jaaz ra
Southern Gaza